Add codebyte example part to JavaScript method .replaceAll() (#4158)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/strings/terms/replaceAll/replaceAll.md

```shell
I laugh, you laugh, we all laugh for ice cream.
```

## Codebyte Example

The first codebyte example of using `.replaceAll()` method is runnable, and it doesn't use [regular expressions (RegExp)](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/regexp):

```codebyte/javascript

> "AbCD_AbCD".replaceAll("b","B");
> // 'ABCD_ABCD'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
string = "AbCD_AbCD";
modifiedString = string.replaceAll("b", "B");
console.log(modifiedString);
```
Make sure if the author runs the code it shows some output in the compiler.

```

The second codebyte example of using `.replaceAll()` method is runnable, and it uses [regular expressions (RegExp)](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/regexp). Be careful that when using a regular expression search value, it must be global:

```codebyte/javascript

> "AbCD_AbCD".replaceAll(/b/g,"B");
> // 'ABCD_ABCD'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
string = "AbCD_AbCD";
modifiedString = string.replaceAll(/b/g,"B");
console.log(modifiedString);
```

```

This won't work:

```codebyte/javascript
"AbCD_AbCD".replaceAll(/b/,"B");

> // TypeError: replaceAll must be called with a global RegExp

Reviewer: let's shift this comment to above line where you have added this wont work. Lets make it like `This won't work because and then the comment`.

```shell
I laugh, you laugh, we all laugh for ice cream.
```

## Codebyte Example

> The first codebyte example of using `.replaceAll()` method is runnable, and it doesn't use [regular expressions (RegExp)](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/regexp):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first codebyte example uses `.replaceAll()` method to replace all occurrences of the lowercase letter "b" with the uppercase letter "B" in the string. It doesn't use [regular expressions (RegExp)](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/regexp):
```

```codebyte/javascript
string = "AbCD_AbCD";
modifiedString = string.replaceAll("b", "B");
console.log(modifiedString);
```

> The second codebyte example of using `.replaceAll()` method is runnable, and it uses [regular expressions (RegExp)](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/regexp). Be careful that when using a regular expression search value, it must be global:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second codebyte example replaces all occurrences of the letter "b" (case-sensitive) globally (all instances) with the uppercase letter "B" in the string, and it uses [regular expressions (RegExp)](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/regexp). Be careful that when using a regular expression search value, it must be global:
```
Describing the code more would be more appropriate.

```codebyte/javascript
string = "AbCD_AbCD";
modifiedString = string.replaceAll(/b/g,"B");
console.log(modifiedString);
```

> This won't work because the regular expression search value is not global:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code won't work because the regular expression search value is not global:
```
